# fontys-s4-telegram-audiomessage-bot
This repo contains the code for our telegram audio message bot that is part of our client project that for Handpicked agencies.
This client project is assigned to us for our Semester 4 Creative Technology course.


### Concept Question
>How can we bring racing news to racing fans by voice in a fun way?
### Answer
>Through a telegram audio message generated by Voice AI. this audio message will be modified in such a way that it sounds more like a Board radio of a formula 1 car and will be spoken by an Voice AI model of a formula 1 driver.

#### Why telegram?
Telegram provides us with an easy to use API and enable us to send 1 message that will reach all subscribed / joined users with a push notification.
Reason 2 is that Telegram allows for use of Audio messages.

#### What sort of news will be shared and when?
We are planning for the telegram bot to send a message each thursday morning at 09:30 🕤.
The news that will be shared is news snippet that contains multiple short descriptive fragments of important news.

#### Can the news be personalized per user?
For our first prototype(this repo) it will not be possible for users to customize their experience. But this is certainly something that can and should be looked at in the future.

### Technology used
This telegram audiomessage bot uses the following technologies:
* [node.js] - evented I/O for the backend
* [telegram-bot-api] - official telegram bot api
* [telebot] - framework for telegram bot api written for NodeJS


[//]: # (These are reference links used in the body of this note and get stripped out when the markdown processor does its job. There is no need to format nicely because it shouldn't be seen. Thanks SO - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4823468/store-comments-in-markdown-syntax)

   [node.js]: <http://nodejs.org>
   [telegram-bot-api]: <https://core.telegram.org>
   [telebot]: <https://github.com/mullwar/telebot>
